update TTL doc to allow split tasks for utf8 column (#18713)
pingcap/docs: time-to-live.md

* The TTL attribute cannot be set on temporary tables, including local temporary tables and global temporary tables.
* A table with the TTL attribute does not support being referenced by other tables as the primary table in a foreign key constraint.
* It is not guaranteed that all expired data is deleted immediately. The time when expired data is deleted depends on the scheduling interval and scheduling window of the background cleanup job.
* For tables that use [clustered indexes](/clustered-indexes.md), TTL tasks are split into multiple subtasks only in the following scenarios:

>     - The first column of the primary key or composite primary key is of integer or binary string type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The first column of the primary key or composite primary key is of integer or binary string types. The binary string types mainly refer to the following:
        - `CHAR(N) CHARACTER SET BINARY`
        - `VARCHAR(N) CHARACTER SET BINARY`
        - `BINARY(N)`
        - `VARBINARY(N)`
```

    - The character set of the first column of the primary key or composite primary key is `utf8` or `utf8mb4` and the collate is `utf8_bin`, `utf8mb4_bin` or `utf8mb4_0900_bin`.

>     - For tables that do not support splitting TTL job to multiple subtasks, the TTL job will be executed sequentially on a single TiDB node. If the table contains a large amount of data, the execution of the TTL job might become slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For tables that do not support splitting TTL job to multiple subtasks, the scanning phase uses the [TableFullScan operator](/explain-overview.md#operator-overview) (if it can be split into multiple tasks, the scanning phase uses the TableRangeScan operator), and the TTL job will be executed sequentially on a single TiDB node. If the table contains a large amount of data, the execution of the TTL job might become slow.
```

>     - For tables where the primary key column type is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If there are many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it may cause uneven task splitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For tables where the primary key column type is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it might cause uneven task splitting.
```

* The TTL attribute cannot be set on temporary tables, including local temporary tables and global temporary tables.
* A table with the TTL attribute does not support being referenced by other tables as the primary table in a foreign key constraint.
* It is not guaranteed that all expired data is deleted immediately. The time when expired data is deleted depends on the scheduling interval and scheduling window of the background cleanup job.

> * For tables that use [clustered indexes](/clustered-indexes.md), TTL tasks are split into multiple subtasks only in the following scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For tables that use [clustered indexes](/clustered-indexes.md), a TTL job can be split into multiple subtasks only in the following scenarios:
```

>     - The first column of the primary key or composite primary key is of integer or binary string types. The binary string types mainly refer to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The first column of the primary key or composite primary key is of `INTEGER` or binary string types. The binary string types mainly refer to the following:
```

        - `CHAR(N) CHARACTER SET BINARY`
        - `VARCHAR(N) CHARACTER SET BINARY`
        - `BINARY(N)`
        - `VARBINARY(N)`
        - `BIT(N)`

>     - The character set of the first column of the primary key or composite primary key is `utf8` or `utf8mb4` and the collate is `utf8_bin`, `utf8mb4_bin` or `utf8mb4_0900_bin`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The character set of the first column of the primary key or composite primary key is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, and the collation is `utf8_bin`, `utf8mb4_bin`, or `utf8mb4_0900_bin`.
```

>     - For tables where the primary key column type is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it might cause uneven task splitting.

Reviewer 2: Character set type?
```suggestion
    - For tables where the character set type of the first column of the primary key is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it might cause uneven task splitting.
```

>     - For tables that do not support splitting TTL job to multiple subtasks, the TTL job will be executed sequentially on a single TiDB node. If the table contains a large amount of data, the execution of the TTL job might become slow.
>     - For tables where the primary key column type is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it might cause uneven task splitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For tables where the primary key column type is `utf8` or `utf8mb4`, subtasks are split only based on the range of visible ASCII characters. If many primary key values have the same ASCII prefix, it might cause uneven task splitting.
    - For tables that do not support splitting a TTL job into multiple subtasks, the TTL job will be executed sequentially on a single TiDB node. If the table contains a large amount of data, the execution of the TTL job might become slow.
```
